Suppose all of the students at Fudan University have a certain disease, and all people suffering from the disease are under 18. What can be inferred about the ages of the students at Fudan University? Use quantifiers all, none, or some.
Suppose all of the students at Fudan University have a certain disease, and no people suffering from the disease are under 18. What can be inferred about the ages of the students at Fudan University? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose some of the students at Fudan University have a certain disease, and all people suffering from the disease are under 18. What can be inferred about the ages of the students at Fudan University? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose none of the students at Fudan University has a certain disease, and all of the students under 18 suffer from the disease. What can be inferred about the ages of the students at Fudan University? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose all of the toy blocks in Pego Toy Store are made of plastic, and all of the plastic objects are fragile. What can be inferred about the fragility of the toy blocks in Pego Toy Store? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose all of the toy blocks in Pego Toy Store are made of plastic, and none of the plastic objects is fragile. What can be inferred about the fragility of the toy blocks in Pego Toy Store? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose some of the toy blocks in Pego Toy Store are made of plastic, and all of the plastic objects are fragile. What can be inferred about the fragility of the toy blocks in Pego Toy Store? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose none of the toy blocks in Pego Toy Store is made of plastic, and all of the fragile toy blocks are made of plastic. What can be inferred about the fragility of the toy blocks in Pego Toy Store? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose all of the teachers at Shanghai Sports School are athletes, and all of the athletes are taller than 170cm. What can be inferred about the height of the teachers at Shanghai Sports School? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose all of the teachers at Shanghai Sports School are athletes, and none of the athletes is taller than 170cm. What can be inferred about the height of the teachers at Shanghai Sports School? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose some of the teachers at Shanghai Sports School are athletes, and all of the athletes are taller than 170cm. What can be inferred about the height of the teachers at Shanghai Sports School? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose none of the teachers at Shanghai Sports School is an athlete, all of those who are taller than 170cm are athletes. What can be inferred about the height of the teachers at Shanghai Sports School? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose all of the chairs in the classroom are wooden, and all wooden objects are flammable. What can be inferred about the flammability of the chairs in the classroom? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose all of the chairs in the classroom are wooden, and none of the wooden objects are flammables. What can be inferred about the flammability of the chairs in the classroom? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose some of the chairs in the classroom are wooden, and all wooden objects are flammable. What can be inferred about the flammability of the chairs in the classroom? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose none of the chairs in the classroom is wooden, and all flammables are wooden objects. What can be inferred about the flammability of the chairs in the classroom? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some".
Suppose all of the books in the school library are non-fiction, and all non-fiction books have blue covers. What can be inferred about the colors of the covers of the books in the school library? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some". 
Suppose all of the books in the school library are non-fiction, and none non-fiction book has blue covers. What can be inferred about the colors of the covers of the books in the school library? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some". 
Suppose some of the books in the school library are non-fiction, and all non-fiction books have blue covers. What can be inferred about the colors of the covers of the books in the school library? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some". 
Suppose none of the books in the school library is non-fiction, and all books with blue covers are non-fiction. What can be inferred about the colors of the covers of the books in the school library? Use quantifiers "all", "none", or "some". 